get ready for the next class
but he wasn't such a good position to
like hey your tea - that's ridiculous
sandy jumps in he wants to go in low -
who gets up a cone done immediately
great anticipation for most no eclipse
just yet now he pops it but it's only
really that he creeps no damage done
song deployed after our triple impale
but there's not a whole lot of damage to
follow for this now they're gonna go on
hobos as soon as the zone end they
thread our three hero I set two actually
but it's enough and now on to puppy this
could be for dead puppy drum beat fest
gets off the crystal maiden alternate as
Beaulieu Willie bull he actually sounds
up no not gonna be enough mistake
insufficient to keep him alive seven
heroes dead it could be
as part of a doubt
how do they find a way into this place
nobody knows if it's clips at level two
but source a little bit low you might
get jumped on though they're gonna go in
right now they started that inhaling the
call down comes through s4 low but not
dead in the song used to tell the fight
around but it's also a steel otis
precious he can be second floor up there
I spat said they try one but over stops
and he gave me pause the input another
two
sonic is deliberate or one note is it
full it it sorted its own route and over
running all pulled off heat races if
away he may escape the crowds going nuts
for dogs gonna fall I feel one more
corner
Telford daddy
is tougher skill
blake Nyx's is the key hero right now it
feels along with the storm and alliance
they go for a big smoke gank here it all
comes down to this perhaps they focus
karoge first but he's alive he gets
picked up they go in S 4 s 4 jump as he
drops hard for Nick as well as the most
unload in that clip just keeps on taking
away boom boom boom and now EGM Dendi
wants you in his room he frames you down
I mean a lot of cs on that message
considering how much they fight humping
was right in the middle are gonna run
right in puppy will fall immediately and
now kuroky goes if this well they just
casually give away two little sloppy for
Maui to be honest kind of a mystifying
side now they're going to go in anyway
so can we make any huge appeal another
match the one and they're gonna take the
fight anyway just rain losing the to
support its core did it spider this
might be the end for a lion here at
starladder season 8 s4 he'll be the last
man standing will be going down with the
ship here
na'vi almost rubbing salt in the would
give up two supports win the fight
anyway
Navi are your starladder season 8
champions they take home yet another
well back to the drawing board I fail
the slithering god no no no victory is
ours I will return to my eternal vigil
that no more baby sweet night silver is
safe once more that's the spirit my
virus is fulfilled